You've heard me say
that the computations
of a neural network are organized
in terms of a forward pass
or a forward propagation step,
in which we compute the output
of the neural network,
followed by a backward pass
or back propagation step,
which we use to compute gradients
or compute derivatives.
The computation graph explains
why it is organized this way.
In this video, we'll go through
an example.
In order to illustrate
the computation graph,
let's use a simpler example
than logistic regression
or a full blown neural network.
Let's say that we're trying to compute a function, J,
which is a function
of three variables a, b, and c
and let's say that function is 3(a+bc).
Computing this function actually
has three distinct steps.
The first is you need to compute
what is bc
and let's say we store that
in the variable call u.
So u=bc and then you my compute V=a *u.
So let's say this is V.
And then finally, your output J is 3V.
So this is your final function J
that you're trying to compute.
We can take these three steps
and draw them in a computation graph as follows.
Let's say, I draw your three variables
a, b, and c here.
So the first thing we did
was compute u=bc.
So I'm going to put
a rectangular box around that.
And so the input to that are b and c.
And then, you might have V=a+u.
So the inputs to that
are V. So the inputs to that are u
with just computed together with a.
And then finally, we have J=3V.
So as a concrete example, if a=5,
b=3 and c=2 then u=bc would be six
because a+u would be 5+6 is 11,.
J is three times that, so J=33.
And indeed, hopefully you can verify
that this is three times five
plus three times two.
And if you expand that out,
you actually get 33 as the value of J.
So, the computation graph comes in handy
when there is some distinguished
or some special output variable,
such as J in this case,
that you want to optimize.
And in the case
of a logistic regression,
J is of course the cost function
that we're trying to minimize.
And what we're seeing
in this little example is that,
through a left-to-right pass,
you can compute the value of J
and what we'll see
in the next couple of slides
is that in order to compute derivatives
there'll be a right-to-left
pass like this,
kind of going in the opposite direction
as the blue arrows.
That would be most natural
for computing the derivatives.
So to recap, the computation graph
organizes a computation with this blue arrow,
left-to-right computation.
Let's refer to the next video
how you can do the backward red arrow
right-to-left computation
of the derivatives.
Let's go on to the next video.